hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2019 superhero thriller film
glass so let's get started
the summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous films if you'd
like to see a summary for them please
check out the link in the cards above
superhuman David Dunn and his son Joseph
have been working together to take down
criminals they set out to save for
cheerleaders that Kevin Wendel crumb has
abducted David free is the girls but is
attacked by Kevin's superhuman alter ego
the Beast their fight spills onto the
streets for the police led by dr. Ellie
staple arrest them David and Kevin are
sent to an institution where Elijah
Prince David's sworn enemy known as mr.
glass was sent 19 years ago dr. staple
claims that they have been given three
days to persuade David Kevin and Elijah
that they are normal people otherwise
they will have to be turned over for
trial
Elijah breaks in a Kevin's cell
promising to break him and David out the
following night Elijah convinces the
Beast to battle David to reveal the
existence of superhumans to the world
he tells David he plans to kill hundreds
of people unless David escapes his cell
and stops him meanwhile Joseph miss
price Elijah's mom and Cassie a survivor
from the Beast arrive at the hospital
David and the beasts fight outside the
hospital Joseph reveals to the bees that
Elijah created the train wreck that
killed Kevin's father which is the same
train crash that Elijah caused to find
David in the first unbreakable film the
Beast attacks Elijah he throws David
into a water tank and begins to strangle
him David regains enough strength to
escape
Casey confronts the beasts turning him
back into the personality Kevin and he
is killed by dr. stables team David is
also killed by being drowned in water as
Elijah dies dr. stable reveals to him
that she is part of a global network
that has masterminded the suppression
and genocide of superhumans for several
millennia
dr. staple deletes the security footage
and reports her mission as a success
Elijah had been live streaming the
footage to his mother mispriced
and joseph and casey released the
footage revealing the existence of
superhumans the public as the film ends
so that was the spoilers for glass if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on instagram and remember to Like
and subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]